[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna look at the highly regarded
but lightly promoted yeah horror
adjacent sci-fi ish film freaks released
in 2019 let's get to it
we open in room where young chloe is
gazing out a hole in the window longing
for a snow cone and admiring some
stagnant birds she's pulled away by her
father Henry with a warning not to be
seen lest she wants the bad guys to get
hurt
we then get a sequence of scenes that
show Henry trying hard to present a
normal childhood experience for her
while also training her up with
survivalist skills
she's drilled on a fake backstory she's
to use if daddy ever leaves and fails to
come home this is all an attempt to help
Chloe pass as normal then dad has a nice
blood cry before evening meditations the
next day we see a more active outside
world than we'd expect
Chloe sees her neighbor Harper
patronizing the ice cream truck that
seems to be permanently stationed
outside her home and Chloe wishes her to
bring some ice cream until her self
actualization of the outside world is
successful albeit sticky this leads to a
rather awkward and confusing interaction
between our residents and their
neighbors indicating a much less
apocalyptic outside world that it would
seem from inside the house that evening
we learn how Harper knew who Chloe was
as this interaction we see in Chloe's
closet is actually happening for Harper
in her bedroom
Chloe compels Harper to roleplay as her
dead mother man instead of setting her
for an ice bath she uses her to get
proxy permission to go outside she
mentions this to her dad who promises
her a bucket of ice cream if she just
stays inside
unfortunately he returns from his
errands sweaty bleeding and requiring
the application of some frontier
medicine he's brought home only the
essentials no ice cream so when he
passes out and we see the house come
alive in unexpected ways
Chloe applies all of her skills and
learnings toward hitting up the ice
cream truck she gives up the ruse almost
immediately and hops in the truck after
the simple promise of the trip to the
park confirming that no matter how hard
you try your kids will always roll on
you in exchange for creature comforts on
the way there we get a little more info
about the dynamics of the outside world
and then as her snow cone who we come to
know as Alan tries his best to piss off
Chloe to see what she does then we add
some more layers when he talks about a
mountain where Chloe's mom was taken and
is presumably still alive however the
police show up and the interaction is
not favorable to Alan the officer
attempts to check some eyeballs but
Chloe wishes him away and he come
on the way home we learned that Alan is
Khloe's grandfather and wants to utilize
her to help get her mom back from her
mountain prison he also provides the key
information that she can only leave her
father's protection when he's sleeping
Henry wakes up to find the consequences
of not springing for a damn ice cream
cone to be incredibly severe as Chloe
now hates him and wishes him dead while
he's sleeping she takes in some news
learning more about freaks but the
outside world thinks of them and the
consequences of being found none of
which is good upstairs she revisits an
occasional hallucination she has of a
ghost lady who lives in her closet only
now she's able to recognize this woman
as her mother she still assumes her dead
but Mary reveals that she's not dead
she's just locked up in a prison and
Chloe is creating a psychic apparition
like she did with Harper but she expects
to be dead soon which is fine because
she'll live on in Chloe's heart
distraught by the thought of losing an
opportunity to have a mom she wills her
dad to sleep resulting in her first
weeping wound and walks out the door
Alan scoops her up and continues
providing practical information about
surviving in the outside world
immediately employing her for his plan
her only role is to keep her mouth shut
while in disguise Alan approaches agent
rave a high-ranking official keen on
getting her greasy hands on an abnormal
child to bring up as a weapon
Alan tries to explain how Chloe came
into his care offering her to the
mountain under the condition he can go
with her to make sure she's okay
but Chloe unravels the plan by resisting
the narrative the basic rules of improv
not being part of her survival skill
toolbox they get either by creating a
distraction which also demonstrates the
inherent danger for Chloe
Alan's powers are also revealed as he
takes her home Henry confronts them
revealing that he's able to create time
bubbles which really makes it seem they
have a combined skill set ideal for a
rescue operation however since Henry
realizes their current state is
unsustainable
he proactively delivers her to the
neighbors across the street they have a
pre-arranged agreement to watch her in
exchange for a monthly stipend of a
stack of money but they were mostly
looking for a quick cash out and are
disturbed by her genuine emotional needs
and powers of manipulation resulting in
them quickly finding themselves
unwilling to take her on so they
returned home and when Chloe wakes up
later we learned that Henry didn't know
his wife was still alive due to
sequestering himself for so long in a
time bubble the seven years Chloe has
spent growing in the house represent
just a few months in the outside world
they try to figure out a plan and are
forced to take action when they see
Nancy has contacted the authorities
extermination imminent Chloe takes a
page from Papas book which takes them a
little deeper she then brings him all
into a vision of
that they are helpless to influence the
Khloe's not so she does and it's only a
moderately surreal experience gross and
she helps her work her way through the
facility learning that mary needs space
to utilize her powers requiring her to
get topside agent ray then shows up at
their house and Henry uses a time bubble
to get cleaned up he claims that he's
the recent owner of the house and is
planning on flipping it unfortunately
his story falls apart has raised two
adept at identifying the tell-tale signs
of a freaking hiding she has come to
acquire Chloe and offers him some brutal
honesty who helped you kill them but
hopes will make the sacrifice
rather than prompting them to use the
Hellfire drone to wipe his house off the
map however when an alarm goes off at
the mountain facility it alerts agent
Ray who recognizes that Chloe has
already been spoiled as a candidate for
her program so she goes scorched earth
slipping a bullet into Henry's time
bubble and then attempts to eliminate
Chloe she's stopped by Allen and then
more directly by Chloe herself
Henry buys some time for Chloe as she
uses her last strength again mommy
outside where she pops off and then
Henry uses his last bit of strength to
slow things down enough for them to get
out
Mary arrives as the cleanup crew closes
in and she turns them into a pink mist
as they fly away they're resolved to
live out loud with her powers prepared
to stop anyone who threatens them and
that was freaks a good movie that seems
to get algorithmically suggested with
other new horror movies likely due to
its title so let's not pretend we got
spooked out and move on if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching